alright what's up you guys going back to
the gentleman TV so you guys are getting
a my team gameplay right here and I
think I'm gonna have a pack opening
later this weekend I'm looking Sunday
and then saturday we're gonna have a my
GM game first gaming it's a trail
blazers really hyped to show that
conference finals game one asking me a
huge one Trevor's insane team let's get
into this my team gameplay Jerry West
with the ball hitting with a pump fake
and then West bring himself up and
hitting that Jay right there Jerry West
is nice I swear he is one of the best
shooters if not the best shooter in this
game you just cannot miss from outside
and he can't miss from mid-range he's
ridiculous we're going to be an one
right there out of them I think that was
kevin durant on the n1 was easily one of
the best teams i play my team history
but Scottie Pippen does not care right
now Scottie Pippen going off by the way
if someone wants to tell me how do you
get these all star wars because these
are sick is that the all-star you inform
the all-star court I know how get the
all-star uniform of the courts are just
I don't even know how to get these this
is an absolutely filthy Corp and nick
Young taking it inside he's gonna get
the easy bucket or not Tom San just
flying in for the rebound Tom Sanders
getting the pub back right there on that
one then they're going to get it on the
break with penny trying to steal it
Aldridge back over to dr. Jay and dr. J
with the n1 keeping the game close 1111
now Michael Jordan with the ball and you
can't stop MJ inside MJ's gonna knock
him over and that was Durant he knocked
over and Durant almost losing them the
ball tipping off his back and now we're
just getting so close to sealing it over
and over again Pippin trying to cover
Durant mr. rant unstoppable he's got an
inside for that easy layup making a 1313
game now we got one point deficit on our
hands jerry west over to Sam Jones and
Sam Jones surprisingly enough as the one
to take inside strong he's gonna get the
layup to make it a one-point lead and
now back down by one Michael Jordan him
with behind the back and Michael Jordan
inside but he's gonna miss and Tom
Sanders gonna clean up the mess Tom
Sanders had a huge game he's a really
streaky guy seeing a lot of good games
followed by a lot of bad ones right here
Dwight Howard we just could not
outings at he was taking us to school
seven-point deficit biggest of the game
for us I'm sorry eight-point deficit was
the biggest of the game Nick Anderson
taking it though coast to coast and
Anderson with a nice slam six-point game
on our hands almost into the half and
then right at the end of the half
Scottie Pippen with the ball driving in
and Kevin's got the easy layup to make
it a three-point game so we got one
possession game in our hands leading
into the third quarter finding Michael
Jordan on this play right here in Jordan
with a nice slam we got one point
deficit we are moving in and in and
closer on to their lead and now a
two-point lead for us pushing it up
Michael Jordan with the ball over to
Jerry West and Jerry West why not take
that we got five point lead and we are
taking over this game Paul George with
the ball Kevin Durant we can't solve the
durantula man the slim Reaper the
servant whatever he wants to go by Penny
Hardaway with the ball he sees a lane
and he's gonna get inside for the easy
bucket one-point lead this is a
back-and-forth contest right here
one-point lead I'm sorry one-point
deficit and Jerry West hitting the tray
bari there I told you guys he hits
everything man he's all over the place
and then right up there give it up to
Tom Sanders actually my man Bob Danes
which who makes the bucket right there
we were going beast mode in this third
quarter still back-and-forth contest
though one-point deficit dish it over
Jerry West and Jerry West sees a nice
open jumper right there for himself
giving us the one-point lead so as you
guys can see back in forth this game was
just anybody's to win and we got
ourselves a four-point deficit now
though I made a huge mistake practically
given the ball LaMarcus Aldridge he's
making a two possession game we only got
four minutes left we got to start
breaking right into this and we gotta
break it into a four-point lead in
addition over Jerry West driving it and
West making it happen inside he's going
to end up hitting that free-throw it's a
one-point game and now tie ballgame
Scottie Pippen with the ball he sees a
chance and he's going to take the layup
for the easy score two-point lead with
two and a half minutes left and now
we're past the 2-minute warning Scottie
Pippen hitting that three and this game
is just getting out of hand they can't
believe it I had so many free throws it
was ridiculous and Penny Hardaway oh my
god
penny is such a sick dunker he'll just
come out of there some crazy dunk
sometimes and then scottie pippen why
not make it a 15-point game getting his
own rebound and putting it back in
15-point lead for us 93 78 and he's just
going to jack up the full-court shot he
has given up on this game and bringing
the killer music baby we get the win
thanks for watching subscribe you
haven't I hope you guys enjoyed this
make sure to subscribe leave a comment
like peace I'm out